link to ghad (#15)
github/enable-security-alerts-sample: README.md

## Node script

> _See also: the [`ghad`](https://github.com/18F/ghad) command line tool._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: This node script is also available integrated into the [GitHub Administration Tool (`ghad`)](https://github.com/18F/ghad).
```
